feat: manufacturing documentation for v13 (#74)
frappe/erpnext_documentation: erpnext_documentation/www/docs/user/manual/en/manufacturing/reports/production-planning-report.md

# Production Planning Report

To access the Production Planning Report, go to:

> Home > Manufacturing > Reports > Production Planning Report

<img class="screenshot" alt="Task" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/manufacturing/production-planning-report.png">

This report will help users to plan the finished good as well as the raw materials against the Sales Order / Work Order / Material Request (with the request type as Manufactured) data. Mostly in the case make to order this report help users to plan the production of the finished good as well the raw materials. Using this report user will get the information about the available finished goods as well as available raw materials that are required in the production process. The un-available finished good or raw materials will be highlighted in the red color. Also in this reporting system auto-assigned the available quantity to the finished good or raw materials based on the fields like delivery date, Total Amount of the sales order, required date for Material Request, and planned start date for Work Order. This based on the filter will be used to prioritize the sales order, material request and work order finished good item.

> For example, Mr. BOB works in the Furniture Manufacturing company. Their organization follows the make to order production planning. On Monday, BOB received the sales orders for the table and the chair from different customers. So BOB has checked the production planning report to check the availability of the raw materials and he found that either table or chair can be manufactured with the available raw materials. BOB has used the based on the filter to know which Finished Good order's delivery date is earlier. He has found that he has to deliver the Table earlier so he has started working on it and his colleague has created the purchase order for raw materials which will be used to make Chair. Using the production planning report his colleague was checking the arrival date of the Raw Materials, once materials have arrived system has allocated the raw materials to the second-order Chair. Meantime BOB has completed and delivered first order to the customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, Bob works in the Furniture Manufacturing company. Their organization follows the make to order production planning. On Monday, Bob received the Sales Orders for tables and chairs from different customers. So Bob has checked the production planning report to check the availability of the raw materials and he found that either table or chair can be manufactured with the available raw materials. Bob used the 'based on' filter to know which Finished Good order's delivery date is earlier. He has found that he has to deliver the Table earlier so he has started working on it and his colleague has created the purchase order for raw materials which will be used to make chair.

Using the production planning report, his colleague was checking the arrival date of the raw materials, once materials have arrived system has allocated the raw materials to the second order, chair. Meantime Bob has completed and delivered first order to the customer.
```

> For example, Mr. BOB works in the Furniture Manufacturing company. Their organization follows the make to order production planning. On Monday, BOB received the sales orders for the table and the chair from different customers. So BOB has checked the production planning report to check the availability of the raw materials and he found that either table or chair can be manufactured with the available raw materials. BOB has used the based on the filter to know which Finished Good order's delivery date is earlier. He has found that he has to deliver the Table earlier so he has started working on it and his colleague has created the purchase order for raw materials which will be used to make Chair. Using the production planning report his colleague was checking the arrival date of the Raw Materials, once materials have arrived system has allocated the raw materials to the second-order Chair. Meantime BOB has completed and delivered first order to the customer.

Reviewer: this paragraph is unclear, needs revisit and edits for clarity
